index.md, before:

# Blog | Math Software Engineer

- [4 Years Since Vocational Fair at UNAH-VS (2023-05-09)](4-years-since-vocational-fair-at-unah-vs-2023-05-09)
- [Data-Driven Organizations and Power BI Overview](ddo-and-power-bi-overview)
- [Pi Day (2022/03/14)](pi-day-2022-03-14)
- [Pi Day (2023/03/14)](pi-day-2023-03-14)
- [An Excited Time Drawing Mandala Fractals Today (2023-04-06)](an-excited-time-drawing-mandala-fractals-today-2023-04-06)
- [Automating the Platform Operations and Beyond (2023/08/31)](automating-the-platform-operations-and-beyond-2023-08-31)
- [Representation](representation)
- [Drawing a Tree on Canvas with XY Coordinates](drawing-a-tree-on-canvas-with-xy-coordinates)
- [How I Standardized Hyphen and Pipe Symbols on File Names](how-i-standardized-hypen-and-pipe-symbols-on-file-names)
- [Everything is Relative](everything-is-relative)
- [I Just Turned the Lights Off, Put My Headphones On, and Read This Crazy Paper About SWE Commandments (2022/10/15)](i-just-turned-the-lights-off-put-my-headphones-on-and-read-this-crazy-paper-about-swe-commandments-2022-10-15)
- [This Article Represents a Milestone for Me (2022/12/18)](this-article-represents-a-milestone-for-me-2022-12-18)
- [Applying my Pipe and Application Operators in Kotlin (2023-07-19)](applying-my-pipe-and-application-operators-in-kotlin-2023-07-19)
- [Removing Cyclic Dependencies, Java vs Go (2023-05-28)](removing-cyclic-dependencies--_--java-vs-go-2023-05-28)
- [From Imperative to Functional: TypeScript Fetch Promise](from-imperative-to-functional-_-typescript-fetch-promise)
- [Finishing Writing the Documentation for my Next EP (2023-07-14)](finishing-writing-the-documentation-for-my-next-ep-2023-07-14)
- [Building Slides from Screenshots App in JavaFX](building-slides-from-screenshots-app-in-javafx)
- [FP in Kotlin](fp-in-kotlin)
- [License Change from MIT to BSD-3-Clause for Code Snippets (2023/04/13)](license-change-from-mit-to-bsd--3--clause-for-code-snippets-2023-04-13)

Commit message:

Deploy initializing-operations---msw-mvp-app-2024-01-30

index.md, after:

# Blog | Math Software Engineer

- [4 Years Since Vocational Fair at UNAH-VS (2023-05-09)](4-years-since-vocational-fair-at-unah-vs-2023-05-09)
- [Data-Driven Organizations and Power BI Overview](ddo-and-power-bi-overview)
- [Pi Day (2022/03/14)](pi-day-2022-03-14)
- [Pi Day (2023/03/14)](pi-day-2023-03-14)
- [An Excited Time Drawing Mandala Fractals Today (2023-04-06)](an-excited-time-drawing-mandala-fractals-today-2023-04-06)
- [Automating the Platform Operations and Beyond (2023/08/31)](automating-the-platform-operations-and-beyond-2023-08-31)
- [New Article and Code Navigation Features (2023/09/09)](new-article-and-code-navigation-features-2023-09-09)
- [Representation](representation)
- [Drawing a Tree on Canvas with XY Coordinates](drawing-a-tree-on-canvas-with-xy-coordinates)
- [Updating from Angular V15 to V17 \| 2DP Repsymo (2023/12/06)](updating-from-angular-v15-to-v17---2dp-repsymo-2023-12-06)
- [Automating the Platform Operations and Beyond (2023/08/31)](automating-the-platform-operations-and-beyond-2023-08-31)
- [Visualization Caption (2023/10/01)](visualization-caption-2023-10-01)
- [How I Standardized Hyphen and Pipe Symbols on File Names](how-i-standardized-hyphen-and-pipe-symbols-on-file-names)
- [License Change from MIT to BSD-3-Clause for Code Snippets (2023/04/13)](license-change-from-mit-to-bsd--3--clause-for-code-snippets-2023-04-13)
- [New Article and Code Navigation Features (2023/09/09)](new-article-and-code-navigation-features-2023-09-09)
- [New Code Snippet Feature (2023/10/11)](new-code-snippet-feature-2023-10-11)
- [Cleaning up Details (2023/10/06)](cleaning-up-details-2023-10-06)
- [Initializing Operations \| Math.Software MVP App (2024/01/30)](initializing-operations---msw-mvp-app-2024-01-30)
- [How I Standardized Hyphen and Pipe Symbols on File Names](how-i-standardized-hypen-and-pipe-symbols-on-file-names)
- [Everything is Relative](everything-is-relative)
- [I Just Turned the Lights Off, Put My Headphones On, and Read This Crazy Paper About SWE Commandments (2022/10/15)](i-just-turned-the-lights-off-put-my-headphones-on-and-read-this-crazy-paper-about-swe-commandments-2022-10-15)
- [This Article Represents a Milestone for Me (2022/12/18)](this-article-represents-a-milestone-for-me-2022-12-18)
- [Applying my Pipe and Application Operators in Kotlin (2023-07-19)](applying-my-pipe-and-application-operators-in-kotlin-2023-07-19)
- [Removing Cyclic Dependencies, Java vs Go (2023-05-28)](removing-cyclic-dependencies--_--java-vs-go-2023-05-28)
- [From Imperative to Functional: TypeScript Fetch Promise](from-imperative-to-functional-_-typescript-fetch-promise)
- [Finishing Writing the Documentation for my Next EP (2023-07-14)](finishing-writing-the-documentation-for-my-next-ep-2023-07-14)
- [Building Slides from Screenshots App in JavaFX](building-slides-from-screenshots-app-in-javafx)
- [FP in Kotlin](fp-in-kotlin)
- [License Change from MIT to BSD-3-Clause for Code Snippets (2023/04/13)](license-change-from-mit-to-bsd--3--clause-for-code-snippets-2023-04-13)
